 according to a total property of the property of property, the eight3 persons who have to be paid to property must 83.
 the provisions of the convention or into the national laws are not subject to the provisions of article 4.
 the economic performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 has been a result of the economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted the recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment list after the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the 2 phase of the methodology is to be set up as a basis for remuneration.
 in view of the gradual development of china's tourism market, some analysts believe that prices priced prices will continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping centres and street stalls have reached the highest level for 5 years.
 the worst predictions of peace-keeping is predicted, since the assumption that the predictions of the projections in the annual year could have been significant.
 it is important to take care of the intentions of the country, rather than instrumental instruments.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupation of the occupying forces for long periods remained long.
 some of us believe that this action could not be used if we have conducted public and transparent consultations.
 this is extremely helpful for member states to understand the complexity of the problems of the court.
 the university of namibia, which was established in january 1996, has now become a major non-governmental organization in reproductive health.
 states parties are in the best position to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it has exercised its authority to exercise the powers of the international treaty, and therefore, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activities will be expanded.
 it is, therefore, necessary to investigate and strive for the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who breach those who violate the law should be understood, and the international community's decisions and action by the united nations.
 parents cannot be able to take the responsibility of the responsibilities of the educators and the teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that the two systems of the hong kong people enjoy the fruits of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the 21 group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos plan must avoid the competition and competition in private property market and to maintain the two.
 we look forward to the strengthening of the united nations control of the united nations in close consultation with interested states concerned.
 in accordance with annex i to the basic law, the 2 term of chief executive is elected by the chief executive.
 if a person has a security message, the person must pay proper attention to the use of the device to prevent the use of the device.
 it has also established an international e-business network, which was held in october 1998 and was held in october 1998.
 the gross domestic product growth rate in 1996 has been revised from 4.9<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, was detonated by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that military volunteers for military volunteers are not compensable.
 decisions of this appointment should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-standing problems of the economies of the two countries, as well as the government of the government of the republic of belarus, has not been able to speed up its contribution to the organization.
 india presents a member of the delegation of the world trade organization, a member of the world trade organization between india and the united states.
 the family of warmth in the university of the university of the congo is to be found.
 however, the committee pointed out that the country's services are not any advantage.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of a system of education, which would establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the hong kong department said today (december 30) that those who wish to use the internet should be registered.
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed his gratitude to the marine department of marine personnel, and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, a number of solutions on these groups require some preconditions.
 no tropical cyclone warning was returned to normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft prepared by the conference was not consistent with the draft convention on the law of the sea.
 as a result, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to resolve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian and french, spanish and spanish, this year, including romania.
 the transaction of hong kong's domestic financial institutions and local local financial institutions and local local financial institutions and local non-financial customers are about 2<unk> and 10<unk> respectively.
 " in the long run, we are plans to build more multi-storeyr quarters in areas which have been constructed.
 it is vital to find that it would be possible to seek results in the search for a multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there is a concern about the lack of donor fatigue in the region.
 the prosecutor has issued a appeal in respect of the prosecutor, so that the chamber was transferred to france.
 the trend of the economic slowdown in these countries has contributed to the promotion of economic progress and maintenance of social stability.
 one week, seven days.
 these after the united nations entered the world, our socialist countries entered the world and are interaction with each other.
 thirdly, special emphasis is placed on the implementation of the strategy of local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role to promote the development efforts of the developing countries to promote development efforts.
 he said: " don't know about the sword, " he said. "
 (15) an international perspective in respect of words and thinking.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks occurred on 11 september.
 chinese ministry of agriculture stated that the measures of the national defense control and control of the disease is quite effective.
 chile agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces will be in a stable situation and could prevent the error of a violent conflict.
 however, at this critical juncture, it is imperative that the terror coalition must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive authorities may be able to launch a dialogue with different voices.
 a speaker, speaking on behalf of the african group, commended the efforts made by unifem for the evaluation of the recommendations.
 the chinese government intends to take a final plan early next year, with 13 coal base bases in the country.
 at the end of the world's old age, it's just a path to modernize the world.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations of the author.
 in our country, the arabic language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the heads of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs of the state concerned.
 the contents of the publication have been enriched by a number of public interest in the social and social areas of public interest.
 the overwhelming majority of member states show that they would be a tendency to increase the council's permanent and non-permanent members.
 the customers may be purchased in six months after the issue of the issue of the issue.
 following the visit to mr wong wing-ping, the secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph wong, will visit the secretary for education and other education and education department.
 in 1971, the hong kong son's relationship was a director of education.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of an electorate and the campaign for election activities.
 the united nations members of the united nations are deeply concerned about the nuclear tests carried out by the united states of the south pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 in many cases, there are still residents in many cases.
 these actions are subject to police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials and the public.
 as a matter of fact, i have to go to belgium with the relevant members of the european parliament.
 at present, the concept of the right to self-determination, national security and the maintenance of the concept of peace and implementation of peace.
 this type of information is conducive to a genuine responsibilities to identify the real responsibilities of the space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the co-ministers of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms the importance of strengthening the process of peace-building, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 the israeli army arrived at the scene and the presence of the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the structure of the writing structure is more corrupt, simplicity and content.
 this sustained high prices, not only the people of the people, but also aroused high priority for the government's government and scholars.
 he did not talk about, and he would like to take a look at the heart of my heart.
 we should not hear the valuable views of scholars who have professional knowledge about politics.
 as the saying goes, " we still have to do so. "
 the big national party of the big national party is expected to be able to speed up the middle of the new millennium.
 in the wake of the ridges of the pavings, the pavings of the pavings of the days have been repressed.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's visit to taiwan, and local businesses are optimistic.
 the most common aspect of sexualized jurisdictions are navigational and through the exclusive economic zone through the territorial sea and the territorial sea.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan, last november, was officially elected director-general's director-general on november 9 last year.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the provisions of the international court, the provisions of the extradition of the extradition of extradition is under international law.
 the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the united nations general assembly, adopted by the general assembly of the united nations on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commended the universal protection of human rights in the republic of slovenia, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there will be no darkness in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is thus a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historical process of history, which is the beginning of the process in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government has made the government's government's government, the number of browssettes from april increased significantly to nearly six0000 in november.
 this situation does not appear in the case in the case of the commission.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the committee's work must be subject to the competence and the modalities of its members.
 the letter for registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has already been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services in september 2002 in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking to pursue " quality ". this does not mean that the " quantity " is not important.
 in the country of the congo, the international community has a general view that the international community has no move to end the conflict.
 the requirement of users is to assess the damage caused by floods to crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will step up the two exchanges and clearing of the two exchanges between the two exchanges and clearing areas.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the implementation of the three ministers on confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the offences committed by the offences were also a crime, the minimum and the maximum limits of a crime, the lowest sentences and a maximum of 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a real gun.
 in the course of the waiting time for the analysis and the waiting time, the applicants can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the intensified spread of aids.
 as an example, it's a product of modern modernization.
 this would be possible to ensure that co-existence between peace and harmony and to promote the development of different peoples of the world.
 as far as food prices are concerned, i do not know what the business of the business sector can do.
 this is not only possible to enhance the ability of local production to local production.
 i would like to understand that all people will understand, and the true sense of self-sufficiency in our society is last 17 years.
 in the case of good health-careers, symptoms are mainly relatively minor.
 coordination is also appropriate to cooperate with the relevant united nations agencies in the work of the united nations.
 in the face of a variety of " products " in the market, parents can't be much more suitable for their personal status.
 if the number of double-digit figures, the consequences are very serious.
 for those vietnamese and lao people, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 was well established in 1999 and that the system has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear tests prior to the entry into force of the ctbt is essential.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and travel to hong kong residents.
 they also considered that this could create a precedent, leading to all types of vessels for all types of vessels.
 right.
 since he has been aware of the question of the problem, the government has never been able to let us know the matter.
 as of august 1997 there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong through a total of $ 77000000 in hong kong.
 so far, the air and land assets of monuc have been transported to the goma to goma for more than 30 tons.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the board for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, prior to the opening of the border, it was not possible to engage in trade in egypt.
 madam president, the procession, in fact, is not the right of a small group, and it is not too often political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the talks.
 the interest in cooperation between the private sector and the foundation of the united nations has increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one which is to return to the israelis, and another is the residents.
 as time limits, i do not have all services to all services.
 the recent political development of the united kingdom in britain does not seem to have contributed to an early settlement of this problem.
 the model component includes the development of the models of wire-savological models and vegetables in the gulf.
 among them, 9 percentage points of the growth in currency exchange rates.
 the typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place of control of the administrative facilities of the import and export of arms.
 switzerland will not tolerate the financial system of switzerland in no way to make a financial system in switzerland.
 most of the vacancies will be required for diploma or degree places for diploma or graduate degrees.
 tables are set out in table schedule.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 it is hoped that these programmes were broadcast in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth of the commonwealth is a great complement to the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear-weapon-free struggle for international nuclear disarmament is now nearing the cross-continental intercourse, the outlook for the future.
 because mr leung yiu-chung has a lot of time. therefore, i would like to make my support.
 the observers for indians, africa and the inter-american association of the americas believes that the non-repanional population was the minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey every year in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the edition of the chinese government, and it is very important that hong kong officials are going to do so.
 the college of commissioners held a 5 plenary meeting on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes the criteria for the signature of the parties (i.e. the signatory, relying on partys and certification services).
 as a result, the rate of disparities in the country programmes is low.
 the commission will consider a gender perspective from a gender perspective.
 " the sar is warmly supported by the mainland as soon as possible.
 in the sub-saharan african region, for example, there is only a telephone number in sub-saharan africa.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the united nations and the community.
 the israeli authorities also closed a number of days in the gaza strip and egypt.
 as the discharge of the discharge of unloading has been accelerated, a reduction in the cost of transport has been reduced, and all sectors have benefited.
 as a result, there is a " snow-in-charge ", a painter's artist's name, a painter's artist's name.
 3. 2. 2 in the 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2 is the development of knowledge and entrepreneurship.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as radio, television, academics, sports, singing, singing, singing, shoes and bullets.
 it's hard to talk about taiwan's children's children, and indeed it is hard to see the impact on them.
 as a result of the value of the freight, the amount may be based on higher value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing invited me to say that there is no relationship between the secretary for housing.
 a consultant has entrusted to an independent expert group to encourage the consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not see the eyes of this report, but i have often heard such reports.
 (a) interested companies who are interested to hire the cyberport office must apply for formal applications.
 as for the movies, there is an undueous story.
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that he could reach some four years later.
 it is very difficult.
 in the central institutions of the department, women account for more than 50 per cent of the staff of the existing staff and 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court believes that the buyer did not comply with the purchase price.
 the independent human rights associations of the region should be entitled to channels of links with the league of human rights in the region.
 if 159 member states were co-sponsored at the current session of the draft, the current session of the draft will be a real olympic.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on hong kong's financial position on hong kong's financial position in this year.
 the meeting was of the view that the mandate of the elections is the prerogative of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 the tourists will also be able to reconcile the time of a modern civilization.
 we have a long set of objectives and the development of hong kong's development in asia.
 on the other hand, the director of social welfare, dr lam cheng-chun, and the fund management committee of the social welfare department (csc) to distribute $ 80 per cent of the new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to enhance the use of the " juvenile jpc ".
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is in fact.
 it is similar to the import and export company, which is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the hong kong shipping corporation (scd) has made a view to the business of ships in taiwan.
 it is a priority for the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace after the eight years of civil war.
 it is said that history is going to repeat.
 the framework of the national development framework for the transitional government highlights the role of the state in its economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which international support would be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do much work, reductions and non-tariff barriers are still being done.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had always been very active in its mandate since the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the world.
 <unk> the director-general of the district officer at the district level will be director of the director of information services.
 the dancers were divided into gods.
 the most worrying situation of the united nations in the society of the united nations.
 as a matter of urgency, the doctor said that the child has already been infected with the child.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the discovery of the discovery of the discovery of the discovery of the discovery of the discovery of the discovery of the discovery of discovery.
 it is intended to impose war on 3 parties to 3 parties, peace-building, in order to ensure that ethiopia's cease-free war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2) today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, and the communities of the community should not allow them to slip away in the past.
 we should not forget that these are not a waste of public funds.
 on the contrary, the local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the residents of the residents in the community.
 a copy of these written statements should be made to the prosecutor or the person's prosecutor or the person.
 qin chin-sheng said that james soong was arriving at the 1 station on may 5 to meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee notes further that additional information was provided during the reporting period and after the consideration of the report.
 there was a major train accident in the north korean area of north korea, lung lung, north korea.
 the special rapporteur's activities also include a broad picture of the situation in civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 i really do not agree with the use of the chinese people's emotions.
 however, international trafficking also included other fields, including the wearing apparel, agriculture and construction.
 i am not a member of the people, but i often hear religions in religion.
 therefore, before the establishment of the sar government, it is feared that the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government in the future.
 we need to assess the impact of elections on the relationship between the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai and mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have identified some of its provisions, particularly with respect to mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the unemployed was reduced to 193.3 million, and a four-year period for the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the united states's import and export bank has provided funding to us$ 17800000000 in the united states of america.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday and 6 june on wednesday, 5 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of taking legal action on pollution of the old premises in the treasury.
 the establishment of a total of 36 posts and 18 posts are proposed to be established by the support account, with a total cost of 18 posts.
 in taiwan, his " 3 road " is the main reference to the government of chen shui-bian.
 right, there is a double-edged sword on double-edged swords.
 in addition, the transport department (d) has increased the number of airlines inspected on the spots at the scene and will rise from 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, it is not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if they wish to take place at the scene, the conference was 210 105 rooms in the us congress.
 the records of the record shall be reimbursed for 3 years after the end of the summary.
 china has taken a number of people.
 a large number of bangkok people are at the bangkok centre of the bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support similar statements issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in urban areas can be closed and loaded at the carpark at the junction of kwai chung road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfer is a transparent measure between the transfer of arms between sovereign states and sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers continue to streamline the manpower as a result of slow-down and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus. "
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic and have no access to the status of refugees.
 when i went to the child, i have been very seriously concerned about the fact that i was a very serious matter.
 the african human rights and rights commission also participated in the international seminar.
 research on the risk of gender differences and inequalities, which affect the risk process, is also not sufficient.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biomacal engineering project and the environmental protection bureau, these technical applications can reach tens of millions of dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board for a period of two years.
 the 3 category is the elderly.
 " the east asian region has already been able to build up the fiscal surplus. "
 the swd has contacted the family of mrs chan's family.
 the cost of the national burden is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments have further enhanced changes in the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 the resources have already been exhausted in almost all of them.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops, whether they are not requested to go to the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to improving the recruitment, remuneration, training and management of staff of the prisons, similar to the staffing of prisons.
 " the check-ups are also found to cover the provision of transport, public utility facilities and other loads.
 after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included, or were reflected in a number of international conventions.
 the construction of the buildings department, as well as the upper floor of the buildings department, have been held in the area.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 ballot.
 i wish hong kong will always be a sunny of sunshine, and the air is fresh, and we are happy.
 for a long time, hong kong's manufacturing industry has been the main cause of economic development in hong kong.
 therefore, we should first stress the nuclear powers committed by the nuclear power to the conclusion of the comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the united states's largest internet service is only one of every 20 users.
 since opening up its opening and opening up, smes have made a significant contribution to achieving the strategic objectives of a rich and prosperous society.
 in my country, as a result of the warming of warming warming and, we will be able to go to five and 60 centimeters.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general is able to look at this general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardian of the guardian to renounce the guardian after the appointment of the commission.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to include the implementation of a uniform travel system for citizens of the region.
 it is a friend of friends and friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, job unemployment, employment and employment difficulties for some time.
 " even if even when they enter into taiwan, you should not abandon the performance, " says chu.
 otherwise the draft articles would lose its most practical roles.
 as a result, the rate of inflation in last year has increased significantly.
 in other words, it is no longer possible to allow the university of hong kong to have the right to use drugs and antibiotics.
 the average age of these greek cypriots is 66 years.
 the number of experts on the economic experts of the high-risk companies have also been introduced.
 the project could also allow more public information to know the desirableness of cultural diversity and maintenance of such diversity.
 as a result of the number of applications, the government is now considering whether there is a need for additional loans.
 the above-mentioned assets are carried out in accordance with the criminal procedure of the code of procedure and was performed by the judge.
 it can be seen that the death of the student's death is the only way.
 medical medical supplies are provided to the provision of medical medical supplies to unrwa primary health facilities in unrwa.
 the land reform scheme is not only redistribution.
 on this subject, the conference tried to remind attention that one of the 20 minutes had died or maimed with anti-personnel mines.
 at the end of the neighbouring island, there were some handful crafts which could purchase their crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow the follow-up of the police officers at the scene.
 the conclusions were somewhat surprising, since the previous legal advisers had previously been subjected to their heads-in-charge.
 in the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of increasing the possibility of increasing the scope of the existing social security system.
 the amputation of the amputation of their lives, influenced their lives, their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries decreased simultaneously.
 after the implementation of the scheme, a number of colleagues will expect a journey on learning lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly dragged into a written complaint after his father filed a written complaint.
 other officers from the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only places of low-skilled employment opportunities for low-level skills is the low-level sector.
 the project indicates that small-scale small-funded enterprises are based on prior policy experience and performance-based policies on credit subsidies.
 just now, mrs miriam lau said earlier that the child's charter for youth is " youth charter ".
 the three men were suspected to deceive money from the woman.
 they should be open for a gradual and progressive market for the development of currency, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and the united states against iraq.
 the real development concept should be included in full respect for all universal acceptance of human rights.
 the state practice has shown that the length of time for the right of option has been significant.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is keenly looking forward to the agenda of its consideration by the security council, which will also be re-examined by the review.
 there has been a large number of countries living in poverty, although the economic crisis in poverty has caused a setback.
 as a result, there was no shortage of funds for some of the financial resources.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 the security council expresses its deep concern at the deterioration in the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, efforts should be made to achieve the goal of a multi-ethnic man and join the goal.
 mr lam found that the development, manufacture and sale of people, and a large number of world's famous consumer products.
 it was followed by the veterinary bureau, which confirmed that all chickens have not been infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat analyses the self-sufficiency rate for a number of mission survey data.
 in order to solve the flood problem of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism in the absence of law and ethics has often resulted in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 with the 1 work of the emperor's work, chen yin's 1 works to work in his job, " he said.
 the two-way navigation in xiamen will be shortened at around 40 minutes.
 the report describes the situation of the deteriorating economic situation of the palestinian territory.
 <unk> not to take large quantities of cash or precious property.
 at least 17 were killed and 38 individuals were burned.
 the working group, together with international human rights services, has dealt with these issues in 1997 in 1997.
 in sham shui po, 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers raided 7 targets unit in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority should be given the best consideration of measures to be taken into account.
 economic growth in the developed and developing countries, as well as economic and foreign exchange earnings, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800, more than 800 persons were alleged to have been killed in the war with the police.
 pursuant to paragraph 22 of a law, a person who commits guilty of terrorist activity, under the existing legislation, will bear under liability.
 sir, after the closing of the rubbish landfills next year, it will be possible to resolve it.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, and more than 600,000 left permanently or serious injuries.
 this is a great help to development of development. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the government's development in the north-west.
 there will be a letter of warning letters to the swd's failure to make improvements or results to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department ( highways) today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 600000000 88000000, with the construction of the construction contract in the month.
 i have also studied hong kong's legislation to refer to 382 in the basic law.
 third, pragmatic cooperation in the area of non-traditional security has been initiated.
 between june and july this year, the majority of the major sectors of the major sector were unemployed and underemployed.
 this is not easy, but if we have a quota system, more people with disabilities will be absorbed by the market.
 furthermore, australia is actively participating in the negotiation of the international convention for the prohibition of the international convention for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the industrial operation of the factory and industrial operation, will enable the effective implementation of the scheme.
 the letter is not to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only result in the contrary.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the correct framework for the future of east timor.
 in some parts of the world, there is an absolute number of people in the world.
 we look forward to working with the industry in this regard ".
 the state party submits that the same reasoning should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the conflict in darfur is a dispute between the people of the area in the area of crops and crops.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the development of community facilities for the future development of fire services and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details will also be provided with the details of the details of the details.
 the winds of the winds and from time to time on the deck.
 in fact, as far as the jurisdiction of the garrison law act, the draft garrison act is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of the judiciary is not encouraging the ad litorants to defend themselves.
 the chairmanship of the joint meeting would be very useful, and will be taken to take follow-up action.
 we will also prepare for the review of the district councils following the elections in 2003.
 located at 1 avenue, the import crossing of the secretariat of the secretariat, located on 1 avenue, is limited to the automobiles of a special label.
 in the face of the village, 22 000 trees are used for the use of three 000 trees.
 the institute of agrarian reform institute was established as a land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the information, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who is a girl-of-of-kin of the girl or her girl was urged to call the mong kok police station at 2398 6297.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal documentary agency for the implementation of improved quality and improvement in productivity.
 this morning, i would like to focus on the three issues in our speech.
 to this end, the importance of education is a necessary means and means of promoting social development in the developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it also affirms the command of the forces of the army.
 the field of foreign assets control is aimed at the disposal of a series of audits for the purposes of the united nations.
 this is not possible.
 in order to protect the environment, these substances must be unexploded, non-existent, non-existent, non-existence, non-examinable gases and chemicals.
 in the 14 century, treason has emerged in the common law system.
 worse, it seems that, as a result of the destruction of destruction of nuclear weapons, the threat of nuclear weapons seems to be rooted.
 in the village, it's all too scared.
 the armed conflict in dararar region began last february last year.
 the rights of the right to discrimination is part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of pluralism.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, in accordance with rules, rules or addresses of any document or address.
 but as the economy gradually recovers, it will be believed to have picked up in the future.
 the so-called choice is whether or not the contract will be contracted.
 it will continue to make efforts, but long-term, long-term, long-term, will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat from indifference.
 at that time, governor patten was busy with the general election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases are issued on friday, 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one of the accused had been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, is always sad and saddened than the national and religious boundaries.
 the table, including $ 50000, were seized.
 in recent years there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been published in the department's website and to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they believe that it is the level of science and technology at the level of science.
 although member states were requested to strengthen the field representative, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb broke out near the city of mahayahah in the city of the city.
 senior officials of senior officials who attended the session, as well as personal guards, will receive special permits to the united nations security guard and security guard.
 information obtained from the latest map and the newly acquired images have been transmitted rapidly to the aid agencies.
 the scheme, including students, men, women and children, have no gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies had taken place in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided protection to the human rights of the cambodian government on hiv <unk> aids and protection of human rights.
 as a result, the housing department's re-examination of the housing department will be re-examined to the housing department.
 drop-out rates for girls are still higher than boys in secondary schools and university at secondary school and university.
 the bian-and-old man, ma bian-bian and bian-kong, two-year-old magnifiners have been erupted over the past.
 there was no difficulty in setting up and access to such private schools.
 i did not expect that she had changed her decision in the wake of his experience.
 the warning of the transport department will receive the warning of the transport department.
 it has always been the hands of the united states.
 chairman, the chairman of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the government officials are interested in investing in investing in investment.
 it should also take into account changes in the international system for the past decade, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of these things cannot be said.
 the cuban sugar quota quotas have been proposed to be cancelled.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to open the recruitment suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but it was also necessary to report the following day.
 mr bonson is the modernization of the hong kong sar trademark law.
 the more voters will vote, the more representative of our members of the legislative council.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be carried out during a distance of 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough to be enough, you can't take the rest of the rest.
 this is a very obvious practice.
 the armed attack on armed attacks in december 1963 was an ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also be included.
 we are calling on the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case in respect of the case. "
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation to the delegations that have made a positive contribution to the work of the topic.
 no one has left him.
 as for the abolition of the situation of marriage, she asked whether it was not to identify the causes of the family.
 the fact is that the earth is worse than a year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the council and the special adviser to the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will carry out major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 as a result, the attention of the information and access to information has led to the importance of non-governmental organizations and other important groups in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of this was the result of an outside force, uncontrolled bodies and individuals.
 " the accomplishments and continuous efforts of our colleagues in the past and present every effort has been made. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and improving the standard of living of children, parents will pay certain costs under family income.
 however, there is a need to make further efforts in order to improve the results of the work of the work of the state authorities.
 these criminal acts should not be allowed to provide safe asylum by those who support these criminal acts.
 in sha tin on july 26, this year, the taxi was seen by a security guard in sha tin and a guard against two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other responsible must be responsible for their own actions.
 as a result of the traditional business environment, the marketing staff can be able to take care of his or contact clients.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that foreign expatriates in the republic of the republic shall be protected by the law on the law of the law.
 the member states of the european union have three times to make it consistent with the direction given by the legislative council on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp <unk> the pfp <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakened by the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic to say that they are not used for themselves.
 as a result, there is a correlation with the disintegration.
 the fishing industry of the taiwan province has been able to get a fishery, but the fisheries industry agreed that there will be no breakthrough in the future.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will enforce regulatory regulatory functions by the sfc in accordance with the regulatory practices and criteria of the sfc.
 the stark of the star is the first time they returned to the sample sample.
 we would like to see the fact that the university of peace is a truly universal and global mission.
 the population estimates are important parameters for the projections and projections, for private and commercial planning and research.
 more than three years ago, friends of the chinese school will be invited to attend the chinese new year's eve.
 the united states government recognized the recognition of diplomatic immunity from cuban foreign bank accounts.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is to be paid to a compulsory court instrument.
 in the competitions, the students had to cope with accidents, such as power power, black-speakers, the network of equipment, equipment and passwords.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry to implement the proposals.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not specifically mention the issue of the use of sketages with one or a company.
 it is not surprising that the chinese people have to avoid their names.
 health education was provided to family members of the family and to carry out disinfections in their homes.
 i now have much attention to the question of post-conflict peace-building, given the current situation in the country.
 it was also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to respond to the recommendations of the special rapporteur's recommendations.
 at the time of the take-up action, we have refused to look at a single aspect.
 we are closely monitoring the process of the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 i would like to do so if members of the council agreed to do so.
 these include the threat of the sovereignty of sovereignty, which has been pushed by the technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be done from the development efforts of the international community.
 the state of emergency was extended on 15 december in a number of places.
 following a few days after the taliban occupied mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missiles is very suitable for the threat of threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's government has always been the government's policy to adopt open-to-date software products as a platform for the application of the application system.
 in addition, there are 106 private child care centres, which are also maintained at 106.
 this incident, both sides have adopted military operations, but the front line has no major change.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a variety of new novels in the world.
 but a number of immediate dangers will be taken by the departments concerned.
 the expert expert could provide a new image of about 15000 (about 15000) of the commission's databases and the recent presentations.
 the estimates for the provision of a 10 per cent vacancy rate for local employment.
 there will also be a reduction of emissions of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 works will begin early next year and is expected to be completed by early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large establishments included 100 or more people in the manufacturing sector, with a total number of persons employed for 50 or more.
 in accordance with article 23 of the swedish penal code, the penalties for the preparatory or responsibilities are below the maximum limits of the crime.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, the kingsan ii of morocco, the kingsan ii of morocco, was passed away.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed rwanda's operation, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 63 are implemented by non-governmental organizations, the remaining 19 are organised by the department.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concern of two spain.
 the car mirrors in the wake of the loads of the car were unauthorised.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (smes smes) are inadequate.
 8 days later, the united states has reached us with us.
 more than 2, 2000 tables will be displayed during the easter festival period from 13 to 16 this year.
 the survey will provide the entire standard of living of the entire territory, particularly in a reliable level of poverty.
 one of the highlights of the attention of the tvs is a new game in this year.
 in 1993, hong kong is precisely the global tide in the world.
 it is also very effective.
 15 catholics and international charitys, as well as many staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give more investigative powers and independence to the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea held a meeting in beijing.
 he will be a keynote speaker in the hong kong trade development council and the french employers association.
 the international community can co-operate with each other.
 the ministry of finance, on 19 january 2001, presented a response.
 he said: " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, and the property market would not be big. "
 the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said, " if you want to apply for applications <unk> "
 the sponsor delegation stated that the proposal of the proposal could be found in paragraphs 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, it is necessary to collect data on the stockpiling of their stockpiling and production and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are the data contained in the various relevant bodies.
 i remember that some people have a lot of words such as " vested with " vested interests ".
 i believe many people do not share this view, but it will oppose the introduction of a land departure departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon with all those territories.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the south-eastern offensive of the south-eastern part of the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to continue to prove that the employment problem affected by the labour shortage is to be assisted.
 they have adopted a mode of trains and speedy speeds at $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court had received a compression from the government of the people's republic of china.
 this kind of work is still being made by the division, and there is a need for careful consideration and ratification of specific circumstances.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6 on hong kong island to be held on january 6.
 private universities have also paid relief to tuition fees under the economic situation.
 improving the relationship between us and egypt, as well as the resumption of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to the common goals of our country.
 his strengths are very strong, and it's hard to catch up with him.
 some police officers will be involved in the case of the perpetrators.
 despite the results of the chinese medicine quality, it was not appropriate to sell the quality of pharmaceuticals through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon states that ukraine ratified the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to open up the tunnels in al-qua al-sharif al- al-qaqa al-sharif.
 in fact, after the spring festival of this year's spring festival this year's spring festival this year, the travel industry council has not received no complaints from passengers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the region. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has undertaken depreciative adjustments to reflect the service of the latter.
 therefore, if you are worried about the rights of the demonstration, i agree that we should not let our spirit.
 the private car immediately removed the scene at sha wan kok road near tai kok street to the scene.
 although evidence of the evidence, they are still being defended today.
 governments have adopted various approaches to control these monopolies.
 it should be noted, however, that they are not very unfair to the performance of their respective roles and missions.
 i believe it will not only affect the future.
 the political infections of the environment are dominated by the political infection of the environment.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is the same.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to a drop in the groundwater in the gaza strip and led to the eastern invasion of water.
 i believe that this week, i believe, is the determination of this week to demonstrate the resolve of this international community.
 i also express our gratitude to the secretary-general for his gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for its review today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to sacrifice the reconstruction of democracy after the decades of political instability.
 in the western gates of the western gate, it's only a lot of legends.
 it is very well that we are familiar with what we are familiar with it.
 it is in fact an important part of the united nations in the work of the united nations.
 in the history of history, no other child died.
 " as a whole, the entire mainland as a whole and brings brightness to our peoples. "
 as a new consultant chairman, i shall be able to build on a good basis on the good and a good basis to lay down the new ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, it is likely that sanctions are likely to be the object of the implementation of the penalties for the implementation of the punishment.
 in recent years, the seizure of cocaine seizures in croatia has been seized, with a total of 913 kg in 2000.
 to this end, pakistan's proposal to support mexico's proposal and invite the relevant agencies of the united nations to consider the supplementary budget of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (o) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle in a police vehicle in a police police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts to protect nature in nature should be carried out more effective and more substantively.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to make it more clearly to identify users of the press and to evaluate its results.
 mr chan kam-lam made his statement than in my short, but i now turn to him more than him.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums dealing with the issue of terrorism.
 the court of appeal in the 11 trial district of the united states has overthrown the verdict granted by the district court.
 with regard to this point, more than 150000 displaced persons and internally displaced persons in the area of equate zones have been denied assistance in the northern governorates.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes at the end of july, some international groups had to go beyond city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing pre-employment training costs.
 at the same time, i can only say that the government is only saying that the government has only waited on the ground.
 at present, the operating budget of the current operating budget is less than 40 united states dollars per year.
 there should be a 10 per cent amount of payment for non-payment of non-payments at the end of 31 december.
 the president and mrs. president.
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle, which will be a suitable forum.
 mr tien said on the 1 question of the above-mentioned issues, the language and professional groups should be set up in the language of primary and secondary education.
 it would be unwise that the so-called concerted expression of the so-called concerted expression of the so-called concerted expression.
 regular acceptance and processing of -6-6 minutes and 7: 30 minutes.
 any person affected by the revised project may submit a written objection to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 the hkpa is basically in favour of the specific elements of the ordinance.
 on the contrary, ecuador imports imported 2<unk>3 of the growth of 2<unk>3 of the 2<unk>3 and columbia columbia.
 the recent example is that in the sha tin building, the most recent example is the issue of the integrity of the country park.
 the content of the various types of items in the procurement model is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of trustors of hong kong is a keynote speaker in the workshop.
 on june 15, 12 juveniles were released on bail and released on bail.
 this issue has not yet been seen to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but currently no progress has been made.
 regional security systems have expanded its capacity to collect information on anti-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know what information on the use of non-governmental organizations, which provided information on the use of such information.
 in order to safeguard the interests of the consumer interests, i have presented this motion debate today.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy on behalf of the director-general, but the host country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 a total of 15 different countries of different countries.
 in accordance with the signing of international treaties, legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty provisions have been signed.
 these realities must be addressed, or at least, to ensure that they are remaining, or at least one of them can return home.
 there was no short change in the list of states that should be punished by the punishment of the elderly, and directly victims of the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the above motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decline in the construction industry, together with the transport industry and the transport industry and industry.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, a number of limitations were provided to the costs and expenditure of persons appointed to appointment.
 this is the exception of an exceptional measure which must be specified, and it is not possible to take place in detention.
 in the coming weekends, the number of local crowded parents, which are crowded in the weekend, has also been blocked.
 the banks do not wish to take another one thing that is the government instructed banks to deal with its business.
 for programme enquiries, please call 2761111; reservation: 2734 90000.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be researched as a unit.
 in article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code, the procedure of the georgian penal code summarizes the procedure for the assets of assets.
 " in addition to the case, we also believe that there is a need to extend the need for training and traffic. "
 since the united nations has established 50 years, albania has been one of the most sad dictatorships in this continent.
 we do not agree with the practice of taking pressure on the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask why they would like to say that they would like to say that you would join you.
 he was released several days after the indian army was detained.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference to halt the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered by reference to the international system of international institutions.
 from the soviet embassy in italy, the soviet embassy in italy.
 the code of moral codes of ethics in areas of conflict zones should be developed in the area of conflict zones.
 the preconditions should be that the articles should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the sale of flats will be available for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 52300, compared with 32000 deaths.
 however, i have put forward it because this issue reflects the blame for the blame on the history of the balkans and the people of the balkans.
 on the future of hong kong's future talks, the chinese government said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the family, social and government care and care.
 the pollution of the pollution was reported to be exported food in other places, and then as a resurgence of clean food.
 with regard to the choice of the children's family name, luxembourg had reservations about the ratification of this convention.
 they were also discussed and agreed to prevent arms into the country.
 in the short term, the government should seriously discuss with the industry carefully and listened to their views.
 i would also like to go to all the victims of the victims over the past decade.
 chen kuang-yu's talk about taiwan's name was sold in taiwan.
 the overall plan has been focused on helping girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau are determined to uphold the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 28, 1928, the communist party of the cctv <unk> c <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in the promotion of chicken farms, there will also be a large number of people living with farms.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding by these arrangements.
 against this background, the commission was endeavouring to understand the full behaviour of iraq.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 the people have lost fighting.
 the main causes of the unutilized balance of the unutilized balance has been terminated.
 furthermore, as a member of the international contribution of the international community, we will continue to pay direct contributions to the palestinians.
 scientific and practical applications in the area of remote sensing remote sensing should be enhanced.
 under the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region will be elected and elected.
 of the 40 companies in the service industry, 40 enterprises in the service industry were $ 216000, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 early june, in early june, members of the council participated in a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 the friends of our entrepreneurs are to be aware of their lack of assistance.
 during the past few months, this storm has affected hong kong, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, the landscape of the landscape has been closed yesterday.
 after the meeting of the assembly, some of the people's emotions were emotionally emotional, and the police were dispersed with a high pressure of water.
 the work programme for the establishment of trade points (see annex 4) was developed only in recent years.
 i think most of the most important respect for civil servants will be respected by the above-mentioned negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes of the pension system, which was more likely than the impact of women than men.
 (c) the commander of the commander of the force commander: as a result of the information dissemination of the office, the reduction of two local level posts.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the department of social development department and the family support division has been launched, and the national day, exhibitions, exhibitions and similar activities have been launched.
 the gizmon gizmondo, global marketing of global marketing, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be given the same importance on the same status as a fair and equal manner in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy in which conflict prevention is being implemented.
 the 2 provisions of the joint declaration have also been found in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked.
 the dollar deposits increased slightly by 0.6<unk> in december from july to november.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the incident.
 the ability of women to participate fully in society clearly depends on economic and social resources and the rights of the law.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the commission's deliberations clearly reflects the urgent issue of the common concern of all humankind.
 their despair and suffering must be completed.
 " we are committed to maintaining all key elements of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above positions, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 of these us$ 2000000000, after all, us$ 123300000000 is used to purchase humanitarian items.
 the rent index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rents paid by households in hong kong.
 this approach, in the context of such an approach, will focus on whether they will return to the original recurance.
 he believed that the preparatory work in beijing's olympics and the former china will definitely be successful in 2008.
 in february this year, the committee considered the key issues of the productive employment of the productive employment of the commission in february of this year.
 it is possible to give us an overall assessment of the situation in the face of the economy.
 the protection of the protection ordinance in 2000 was also prohibited from eight to 21 weeks of female workers in the workplace.
 the practical facilities of paraguay have also improved significantly, causing rivers transit corridors for the 2 major transport routes to road transport.
 please see you.
 the financial secretary also agreed that the financial secretary also agreed to make a great deal of development, and we look forward to as soon as possible.
 the importance of the general assembly, the importance of the great halls of the general assembly and the art.
 in most countries, the population of the population is far faster than the overall population population.
 north point today (friday) a 45-year-old man died in the fire at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, the national archives are reported on 12 may 1994.
 the opening ceremony of china's space science and technology exhibition is honoured today.
 their disciplines and disciplines have been disciplinary, as a result, to the united nations.
 these recommendations have been the public opinion of many years and the suggestions made by the masses from the masses.
 "
 police appeal to members of the public who are urged to contact the whereabouts of the above-mentioned missing persons calling on the whereabouts of the above-mentioned missing persons.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for system-wide meetings.
 the 74-year-old he, the 74-year-old he has a good voice, all about 100 patients.
 this incident took place on the side of the crushing side of the guykati.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is several times.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to start the moratorium on debts.
 in this millennium, this millennium has seen the great accomplishment of humanity and has seen a devastating tragedy.
 mr deputy president, after explaining my amendment, i would like to say a few remarks about this issue.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilians.
 the 3 phase of the genetic revolution of the genetic revolution of the genetic revolution is known as the biotechnology revolution.
 i believe that the chinese government has promised to consider the precise extent of the basic law in drafting the basic law.
 the behaviour of those rights may be brought to the competent court of justice.
 the united nations is a appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 notes: chinese temple funds and chinese temples were set up shortly after the enactment of the temple in 1958.
 it is sometimes difficult to distinguish between voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment.
 in the first page of my speech, i have written this letter.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation has remained high. it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that there is a lot of voters in the legal profession and is tired of them.
 i also agree with the proposal to reduce the recommendation of some administrative and administrative regulations.
 i do not have to repeat here.
 a number of delegations would be prepared to submit the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the cm.
 management systems are a complex project, which will have a profound impact on the functioning of united nations personnel, budget and financial operations.
 it is also high.
 to tie in with the relevant measures, customs services department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang (china) (spoke in chinese): i congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police cannot be directly ensured.
 the text of the text was to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned after the internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report of the police, the police officers of the public service section was investigating the three rooms on march 27.
 they have to receive a sustained professional training, and their registration would be considered for renewal.
 in late february, the ed will invite parents to participate in the allocation process in late february each year.
 however, the implementation of these technologies is enormous.
 he had been a bit hesitated to him.
 the contradictions of the paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 has become more apparent.
 the minimum age of military service will benefit from the benefit of each society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of remuneration for the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not going to repeat earlier arguments. i only hope that all members of the elderly will be able to give them a little more.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman shall declare an end to the debate.
 he said: " your work is a dark one. "
 i think that the upper ceiling should be taken to the authorities in the future, and there is no need for the authorities to take a decision.
 the sisters of the sisters of the sisters of the sisters of the sisters and the storms of the epats and storms for a night.
 " we should continue to enhance the quality of our service, which is our expectations. "
 this is a major step towards the future of the future.
 it is now clear that the community has now strongly supported the adoption of a bill of rights to establish these freedom.
 in my view, the government is purely " himself ".
 however, when his delegation went to new york, it has been in a aviation security and prevent them from the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will be substantially reduced.
 the united kingdom believed that the court should be in line with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should be more active in implementing the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the question of the multilateral covenant and agreements, of which included the human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is moving towards a true democratic state of a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandese soldier was allegedly seized by the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal to the appeal as soon as possible. "
 (b) private land is the responsibility of land ownership.
 this has enabled the poor to become more fragile.
 we also think that hong kong's culture of cultural life is indeed the ideal city.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transit instruments, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls, will be restricted in a number of countries.
 over 95<unk> of salaries and personal income taxpayers can be received within the next two weeks.
 we must, however, overcome the fact that japan must be prepared.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of the women, welfare and social development in the sudan, welfare and social development.
 he also served as chairman of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organization of the administrative committee and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a co-operation between the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information and will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, it is the difference between life expectancy at birth (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, there is a balance between administration and the legislature.
 even if the shelling of public transport is not allowed to work, there are almost no ones in the streets.
 this year may be different, this year may be different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi government's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the office of the capo.
 i look forward to my vice-in-charge, and i would like to hear my speech.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to attain their goals despite a good financial performance.
 yes, it was a bit different.
 if we hope that the united nations has a vital role, we must have to take the united nations to move into a step forward.
 in his budget, the financial secretary referred to the graph of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for the repair works of the public housing department responsible for repairing works on the ground.
 after the selection of mr deputy president, i believe that this is the last legislative council meeting.
 the spokesman said: " the industrial accidents of the catering industry and the accident rate have been downward.
 the croatian police are also carrying out regular patrols and vehicle patrols by the croatian police.
 mr cheung noted that the three " fundamental issues ", mr cheung noted that the commission had been misunderstandings about the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 prior to the registration of the registration scheme, the administration will consider carefully the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have been consulted on the issue, and it is not appropriate to ask the question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been able to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last stop in washington.
 the exports of developing countries increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 her husband gave her shoe to her shoes.
 15. despite the need for analysis of data and a large number of data, the analysis of the data is relatively less.
 however, the report notes that although the local market had food and specialists, the purchasing power of the people is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed with this view and recommended that the current 23.7 contribution rate is retained.
 the results achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be achieved in the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has recognized the interests of the sovereignty of the sovereign state.
 however, at present, the surplus of the government's surplus surpluses many of our countries.
 it should be done so.
 the under-secretary-general has been determined by the under-secretary-general for the scope of the scope of the commission.
 over the years, a large number of documents prove that due to the lack of inadequate supply of life.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but not to banning nuclear weapons, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons systems.
 they replied that they were not able to host him as a result of the urgency.
 as a whole, it is better than that of its part.
 (b) the c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c
 the people who will be misleading the green paper are really eight.
 in 1993, it became a special representative of china to be appointed by china in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to the request for the strengthening of national protection and protection of the national protection and protection of the country.
 this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be cautiously using international law as the most powerful.
 at present, there is a rapid increase in science and technology in science and technology, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 on the other hand, there will also be a description of the interaction between western and western countries.
 it's not surprisingly that chen yi-tzu's spectacular spectacles, with a sense of emotional and sensefulness.
 i referred to the response to the crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is the angolans themselves genuinely commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china exporters and investors have grown significantly in the european union.
 there have been little indication of the existence of fiji.
 this kind of seminars, but all of them think that this was not only a waste of money.
 on the other hand, there has been a large number of species of land in brazil, fusent rofent rodents and barrocks.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination on different grounds of employment, or to servitude in the labour market.
 (a) more than 50 per cent of its economy more than 50 per cent of the economy can generally be developed in general.
 today, it was the 1 time in the history of lucia in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is a product of the product of a new single-smocratic system in the country.
 recently, there have been a number of organizations who have not been able to speak and oppose elections in 1988.
 however, as the people's restoration of life, the possibility of a large number of refugees and refugees will need to be sustained.
 in the capital of baghdad, a car bomb attack was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five deaths and 19 others.
 for several months, the police have been charged with violations of human rights violations and other irregular acts or criminal acts.
 his election highlights various advantages that his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a people-oriented industry, the entire trade cannot survive.
 every 10 cm shall be set up at 173 double-storeys and 133 double-storeys.
 the words " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department has been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in respect of non-discal security, the debtors should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in the context of mutual legal assistance, will be results in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the immediate steps of the urgent need.
 in the vicinity of the explosion, there was an explosion in the vicinity of the site, but no casualties were caused.
 the council also began a new " mixed " meeting, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures have been taken to ensure that they are in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document did not mention the office.
 i accepted the secretary for constitutional affairs that some of the things are too close to the elections.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies will still be filled, the meeting closed and resumed at the meeting.
 carparks adjacent to the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients ' portfolios continues to grow steadily, with a significant increase in the performance of the industry's 500 industrial index.
 many people first enjoy the opportunity for the sale of shopping, but they will pay a huge amount of debts.
 in mid-july this year, li has joined japan in the 8 world conference on behalf of my country on behalf of my country.
 the 3 meeting of the least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit its report to the secretariat as soon as possible.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for full participation in the secretariat, including the preparation of the background document, direct meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 in november 12 <unk> prnewsianet <unk> -- congratulator, new york <unk> --
 the small seven is the well-being of the girl's friend dang's friends dang.
 the cheung kin-chung, mr cheung kin-chung, has a keynote speech on " safety of occupational safety and health in hong kong. "
 if you want to ask you one thing, i would like to ask you.
 the new advantages of the hong kong new airport is the most advanced and advanced technical instruments that are installed.
 despite limited financial resources, many small amounts can be made available to a large amount of funds.
 as for the contents of the draft articles, it was suggested that the content of the draft bill was too complex and the need for further reduction.
 this is not only because we have to uphold the rule of law and to safeguard the rule of law in hong kong.
 the percentage of the allocations of the programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states needed to fulfil their generous commitment as soon as possible.
 this is, of course, not opposed to the grass-roots level of university students.
 when lin kuo-lin was found to be more than 50 years of age, it was found that there are 180 degrees.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a house and burned up the houses of the village.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should consult their doctors as soon as possible in order to diagnose and treatment.
 child prostitution refers to the use of or facilitated the use of children in order to facilitate the use of children.
 this is not a remarkable achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry further increased further by 2<unk> in value.
 it is also important that the debt of debt accounted for a third of the export earnings of the countries of the african countries.
 after many years debate and many years, we are now moving back to the beginning.
 the economic and social council has a panel of experts on 14 panels of experts and members of the council, rather than national representatives.
 on the other hand, the expert unit was given more tactics.
 the whole project is to be completed in 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be considered to replace north-south cooperation, and should be seen as complementary to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is being collapsed, with many changes in traditional family structure.
 in order to ensure that there is a high quality of chinese language textbooks, the chinese language textbooks have been set up.
 another argument is that, " it's best to do business. "
 they are said to have been wounded.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciated unctad's role in this area, the panellistlists was just a number of interesting issues, but not a solution.
 the united nations military contingent will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, there is a need for trade and management, as well as other priorities, such as education, health and management.
 however, the authorities reportedly denied that he had been transferred to the united nations, while there were no news about the whereabouts of the person.
 in order to avoid the special interests of a political party, the election of political parties should be able to obtain public funding.
 it is expected that the background and exercise of the working group on the right to development will be completed in 2000.
 he was not able to imagine that the sun has gone up with numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises commission, mr chan wing-yun, attended a report to the chief executive of the three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on 20 november 2001 sydney, tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of history, the new territories are landed in the new territories. it is only under collective control.
 we welcome the partnership of these areas. "
 it's only to say that " you " don't want to do so. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces of the indonesian security forces appear to be a matter of course in iraq, regardless of whether the authorities or the local people do not feel.
 please look at the next phase of the next phase, new zealand's trip to new zealand.
 the commission adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) on 18 june 1998.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 a few programmes on this seminar will help raise the public awareness of the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person was dissatisfied with the age of 65, there are equal employment and earning the minimum minimum wage.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he was ching-ming, and has always been dedicated to the achievement of success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to review the regulations on the basis of international standards on the basis of international standards.
 " the labour department will seek to find suitable vacancies for non-resident university graduates and assist them in employment. "
 since china recently joined the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games as well as the 2008 olympic games, it is expected to be prepared to prepare.
 recently, one of the scholars who come from the mainland in hong kong were attended by the university of hong kong.
 as a whole, there has been a system of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft, he would also guarantee the safety of several thousand people.
 the kosovo serb community participated in the elections, which demonstrates the importance of the importance of the provisional rights of self-government.
 the mark was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the " signboards " in taipei, which retain the dignity of taipei's new painting.
 the official said, " the official said: " it's a clear statement, " the official said: " it's a clear story.
 born in new zealand, new zealand, rice, was born in new zealand, rice, and the university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens were smuggled into each other.
 details of the proposal, in both chinese and chinese, have been put up notices at the venues of the project.
 the dpp is a new democratic progressive movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a lot of staff options.
 the claimant also provided credit credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed national plans for the implementation of national plans for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 under the act of health, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for resolving the conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economists in bangkok in bangkok.
 zhou enlai has been published by zhou enlai's zhou enlai's publication.
 madam president, today's secretary michael suen is the " food and death ", and we should no longer keep him.
 in the light of the grey atmosphere, i may say a few more things.
 the comments made by the government of japan in the annex contains comments on the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the reaction of the audience was warmly encouraging.
 i can also cite some examples of examples, some complaints that some patients with chronic diseases have been denied to the hospital authority.
 the approved scheme should be amended to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, i went to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the importance of ensuring gender issues in the census of the 2001 census census.
 she enjoys all civil rights as well as all citizens ' rights.
 all departments concerned will be involved in the need to take part in the activities of the various departments.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, the report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 per cent of the small arms ammunition can be detected by over 15000 rounds per hour.
 2, the situation has been reduced.
 we should first act on the draft resolution on the economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there has not been no cash in the current peacekeeping reserve.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for education and the special representative of the special representative of the secretary-general for his briefing this morning.
 the decline in developing countries has led to a decline in the attractiveness of developing countries, which might lead to financial instability.
 a international seminar was held in prague with the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of a banking licence only, the number of banks in hong kong has remained unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to the concepts which have been achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 the hiv <unk> aids phenomenon has led to the suffering of children and orphans, and increased their suffering to the conflict in tribal societies.
 in january this year, mr. sergio viei de mello proposes to strengthen the efficiency of the civilian police to deal with complex operations.
 our assessment is that the conditions in sierra leone and liberia have not yet been exist.
 youth is about 19 per cent of the population of africa, and this figure will increase according to the current population growth rate.
 at the same time, the situation has become more bad, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 one of the typical consumers in the united states spend more than 1000 hours in life.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind.
 this is a topic that deserves to play.
 the office urges the department of disarmament to help the department of disarmament to provide a financial commitment to the new political will of the member states.
 our financial position is lucky enough than the united kingdom, so it is absolutely necessary to do so.
 the last round of images of bin laden was lasted at the end of 2004, but his deputy al-zazali has frequently been frequent.
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the government's reduction plans for this purpose.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 after the performance of the dance troupe, hu was the first day of the performance of the national music association.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage points higher than in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict children, children have to take care of the village in society.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks on the civilian population, and there are human casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that 5024 visits were completed during the two-week investigation period, with a overall response rate of 90<unk>.
 the chickens were tested before transporting to the market before transporting to the market.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance on whether they continue to be guided by the executive board.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and 5 kilometres in iraq and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children working in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 the 1 cruise of taiwan's 1 cruise cruise of taiwan is also due to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect north china and south china.
 this section recalls the reasons for the right to food may be considered by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, the cattle was born into taiwan.
 criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended to empower national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions would be able to promote the procedures for the fulfilment of an appropriate legal framework for the purposes of carrying out weapons.
 the government and the business sector have launched a series of activities to consolidate confidence in hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget could not be maintained.
 at the end of the dinner, the hong kong ballets of hong kong ballets of hong kong ballets will be performed at the ceremony.
 the director of home affairs, mrs selina chow, said: " hong kong has always been a immigrant society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting broke out with the taliban forces in the north-west and the taliban in the north-west of badbad.
 the number of computers in computer systems are very easy, and also triggered and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary report of the asean regional forum, stating that there were significant developments in the security situation, as well as their awareness.
 every day, the soldiers said that they had been refuted on the same day.
 " the more late implementation of the mandatory provident fund schemes system will be the case.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the automobiles from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda is not cost-effective.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of the people, such as the enemies of the people, and therefore, the people of the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the transport system in hong kong.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think that this will be sorry.
 through this election, china has been able to ensure that hong kong is a system of asset.
 it would appear that, despite the author's intention to take advantage of this procedure, they did not use it.
 as a result of the strategy, it's not to follow up with the new territories, " he added.
 as a result of the assessment, the results of the results will be issued in july.
 the works of john johnson's works have been over half a century ago.
 however, madam president, today's bill to this council today has a great doubt that the bill will be implemented in this period.
 after he arrived in the united states, shaping was arrested on the 3 of this month.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economy in 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 economic resources are highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics had not been reflected in the size of the problem.
 as a result, we have to take a variety of bricks in different places.
 since the opening of economic reforms in 1978, there was a long-term market price.
 the shanghai forum has been set up in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental foundation has changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people to have a very negative impact on health.
 part of the outcomes: in addition to religious studies, social studies, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and readings were women.
 this year's total revenue of $ 10225500, $ 1025600 was higher than nearly 24<unk>.
 these provisions should be used to make use of the above-mentioned discussions with china.
 non-financial items carried out in other currencies are based on the united nations operational rate of exchange rates in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is fundamental to respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are more than two years ' best service institutions in hong kong for two years. "
 in the wake of the incident, i know that the doctor's friend also expressed dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " to reflect the latest land use proposals in the north-eastern part of lantau island, " the spokesman said.
 this forced negotiations on that stage.
 to that end, it is essential that member states must be assessed on time, full and unconditional payment of assessed contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 in the last half century, mankind has lived in fear of a dangerous nuclear danger.
 he said that he was established a cabinet chaired by the prime minister, headed by the prime minister.
 in all cases, it would be necessary to wait for the period 2003-04, and the longer the time for 2003.
 there are no other groups in this case.
 the magnitude of the act is comparable to similar violations of the geneva conventions of the geneva conventions.
 2. an important accounting policy for these financial statements apply to the financial statements of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some parts of yunnan south in south yunnan.
 on behalf of the government and the government of the israeli government, i would like to extend the condolences to the government of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet led to a plan for the structure of the undp structure of undp.
 the bureau was elected as vice-presidents, chaired by the president of mali and ukraine, chaired by the president of mali, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development at the centre of strategic, planning, policy and operational activities.
 at present, the vocational training council (cdc) currently organizes about 70 examinations, which could be accommodated about 3000 candidates.
 after fleeing the culprit, the culprit entered the place of the shop, and he revealed the incident.
 the administration has declared today's day.
 in phase iii, for example, in phase iii of the contract, it was very late to keep it in the 1998 season.
 " it is important that the peace process should be continued, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has decreased by 30 per cent.
